OADP-6774: Release Notes for OADP 1.5.2 (#99864)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/oadp-1-5-2-release-notes.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * backup_and_restore/oadp-1-5-release-notes.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE

[id="oadp-1-5-2-release-notes_{context}"]
= OADP 1.5.2 release notes

[role="_abstract"]
The {oadp-first} 1.5.2 release notes lists resolved issues.

[id="resolved-issues-1-5-2_{context}"]
== Resolved issues

*Self-signed certificate for internal image backup should not break other BSLs*

> Previously, OADP would only process the first custom CA certificate found among all Backup Storage Locations (BSLs) and apply it globally, which prevented multiple BSLs with different CA certificates from working correctly. Additionally, system-trusted certificates were not included, causing failures when connecting to standard services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before this update, {oadp-short} would only process the first custom CA certificate found among all backup storage locations (BSLs) and apply it globally. This behavior prevented multiple BSLs with different CA certificates from working correctly. 
Additionally, system-trusted certificates were not included, causing failures when connecting to standard services.
```

> With this update, OADP now:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this update, {oadp-short} now:
```

> * Concatenates all unique CA certificates from AWS BSLs into a single bundle

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Concatenates all unique CA certificates from {aws-short} BSLs into a single bundle.
```

> * Includes system-trusted certificates automatically

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Includes system-trusted certificates automatically.
```

> * Enables multiple BSLs with different custom CA certificates to operate simultaneously

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Enables multiple BSLs with different custom CA certificates to operate simultaneously.
```

> * Only processes CA certificates when image backup is enabled (default behavior)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Only processes CA certificates when image backup is enabled (default behavior).
```

> This enhancement improves compatibility for environments using multiple storage providers with different certificate requirements, particularly when backing up internal images to AWS S3-compatible storage with self-signed certificates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This enhancement improves compatibility for environments using multiple storage providers with different certificate requirements, particularly when backing up internal images to {aws-short} S3-compatible storage with self-signed certificates.
```
